HUMIDIFIER OF DOG

Do you feel cold?

 7 tips for your puppy during cold days.
Ahhhh it's cold, it's June and the season of wearing a blanket during the movie is just starting humidifier of dog.

We know that our pets have fur, but those who believe that this is enough to increase their thermal sensation are mistaken. Well, come on, I'll give you 7 tips for you to warm up together

1. Warm your pet with a blanket or clothes.

If for you to use a blanket on the sofa is a great idea, imagine for him? Yes, it can be wonderful, I know some people don't like this idea, but those who do love it. Placing a blanket in the dog's humidifier of dog cot helps to warm the dog , or you can put it on top of it if he likes it. Some symptoms indicate that he is cold, protecting himself in hot environments or shivering.

Another form of protection is the pet clothes, the conditions apply to what I said about the blanket, but here's a caveat, when you go out, don't forget to wear the clothes, it's important for him not to feel cold during the tour.

These tips are generally valid for puppies, cats hardly adapt to objects such as clothes or the blanket itself

2. Vaccinate against the flu

In winter time, flu is one of the most common illnesses in animals. This disease can be transmitted through the air or even direct contact between animals of the same species. 

One of the best ways to prevent the flu would be vaccination. The main vaccine for dogs is Bronchi Guard, which protects against Dog Cough . It is recommended to apply in dogs that live in places humidifier of dog with high population density, such as parks or nurseries. There are other vaccines that also protect against respiratory viruses, the multiple vaccines for dogs, Vaccine V8 and  Vaccine V10 , protect against Adenovirus and Parainfluenza. 

In the case of kittens , they also have vaccines for protection, they are multiple vaccines for felines, Vaccine V3, Vaccine V4 and Vaccine V5, protect against feline viral respiratory complex, Rhinotracheitis, Calicivirosis and Chlamydiosis.  

Vaccination against the flu can be done at home by Atende Pet. Contact the call center to find out about values   and schedules. 

3.Use room humidifier due to dry weather.

This is another feature to prevent disease, the air humidity is lower during cold days, which makes the humidifier of dog weather drier. Using an air humidifier is good for both of you, for your dog or cat, as well as for you .

4. Humidify the nostrils with saline solution

If you are not interested in investing in an air humidifier, an alternative is to use saline solution in your puppies' nostrils as a way to protect against viruses. But be careful not to overdo it and hinder your breathing we love doodle.

5.Avoid taking your pet to animal agglomeration places

We know that you take all possible precautions to avoid any infection, but unfortunately we don't know what is done by other owners.

On cold days try to avoid agglomerations with other dogs, it increases the incidence of influenza humidifier of dog transmission If your dog does not take the flu vaccine Bronchi Guard , avoid it from getting along with other animals such as parks, for example.

If you were worried when you remember that you take your puppy to day care daily, remember that day care centers generally require that dogs be vaccinated, so the risk of contamination with other dogs can be lower.

6.Use specific moisturizing creams on cushions and support calluses
The cushions, are those pads of the paws, and the calluses for support, located on the elbow of some medium and large dogs, it is interesting to use moisturizing creams for dogs to hydrate

7.Place the house in a covered location so that it is not exposed to the cold.
We know that some pets have the habit of sleeping on the side and outside the house, on hot days I think pets are grateful, but in the cold…. in the cold we recommend not leaving humidifier of dog the doghouse exposed to the outdoors , try to place it in a covered environment, at least to avoid the outdoors.

Another important tip is to leave his blanket inside the house, to increase his thermal sensation

What if your dog or cat is sneezing or has other symptoms?
If your little pet has any flu symptoms, look for a veterinarian , the Pet Attendant performs the veterinary consultation at home, you can contact the call center and schedule an appointment at any humidifier of dog time, or let us know what you think is strange that we try to help you.

